Considering the size of your dataset, you decide a spreadsheet will be the best tool for your project. You proceed by downloading the data from the database. Describe why this is the best choice.
Spreadsheets work well for processing and analyzing a small dataset, like the one you’re using.

The best course of action is to delete row 16 from your dataset so the missing data doesn’t get in the way of your results.
No

During analysis, you create a new column F. At the top of the column, you add the attribute Average Percentage of Total Sales - Splashtastic. Select the correct definition for an attribute.
A characteristic or quality of data used to label a column

Next, you determine the average percentage of total store sales that Splashtastic sales represent. To do this, you use the AVERAGE function. Identify the correct way to write your function.
=AVERAGE (F:F)

You’ve reached the share phase of the data analysis process. It involves which of the following? Select all that apply.
Create a data visualization to highlight the Splashtastic sales insights you've discovered.
Prepare a slideshow about Splashtastic’s sales and practice your presentation.
Present your findings about Splashtastic to stakeholders.

The table is dental_data_table, and the column name is zip_code. You have written the following query, but received an error when it ran. What is the clause that will correct this query?
WHERE zip_code 81137

The patient demographic information includes data such as age and gender. As you’re learning, it’s your responsibility as a data analyst to make sure your analysis is fair. Which aspect of patient demographics might get in the way of fairness?
The dataset includes people who all live in the same zip code.

Fill in the blank: Changing the business task involves defining a new _____.
question or problem to be solved

The people who are familiar with a problem and help verify the results of data analysis include customers and competitors.
False

For this, a doughnut chart will be most effective.
False

You know that spreadsheets work well for processing and analyzing a small dataset, like the one you’re using. To get the data from the database into a spreadsheet, what should you do?
Download the data as a .CSV file, then import it into a spreadsheet.

The best course of action is to delete row 16 from your dataset so the missing data doesn’t get in the way of your results.
No

During analysis, you create a new column F. At the top of the column, you add: Average Percentage of Total Sales - Splashtastic. What is this column label called?
An attribute

Fill in the blank to complete the function correctly: =_____ (F:F). 
Average

Next, you create a slideshow, which includes a data visualization to highlight the Splashtastic sales insights you've discovered. You’ve reached which phase of the data analysis process?
Share

The table is dental_data_table, and the column name is zip_code. You write the following query, but get an error. What statement will correct the problem?
WHERE zip_code = 81137

The fact that the dataset includes people who all live in the same zip code might get in the way of fairness.
True

Fill in the blank: The people who are familiar with a problem and help verify the results of data analysis are
subject-matter experts

Which type of chart will be most effective?
A line chart
 