In the following spreadsheet, the observation of Greensboro describes all of the data in row 4.
True

If a data analyst wants to list the cities in this spreadsheet alphabetically, instead of numerically, what feature can they use in column B?
Sort range

A data analyst types =POPULATION(C2:C11) to find the average population of the cities in this spreadsheet. However, they realize that have used the wrong formula. What syntax will correct this function?
=AVERAGE(C2:C11)

When writing a query that includes all of the data from the table, what would a data analyst add after the word SELECT?
An asterisk (*)

When writing a query, what word does a data analyst use to indicate the table from which the data will be retrieved?
FROM

You are writing a query that asks a database to retrieve data about the customer with identification number 1057. The column name for customer identification numbers is customer_id. What is the correct SQL clause?
WHERE customer_id = 1057

A data analyst creates the following visualization to clearly demonstrate how much more populous Charlotte is than the next-largest North Carolina city, Raleigh. What type of chart is it?
A column, or bar, chart 

A data analyst wants to demonstrate how the population in Charlotte has increased over time. They create this data visualization. This is an example of an area chart.
False

The column attributes for rank, name, population, and county are located in which row of the following spreadsheet?
1

Fill in the blank: In row 8 of the following spreadsheet, you can find the _____ of Cary.
observation

To find the average population of the cities in this spreadsheet, you type =AVERAGE. What range will complete your function? 
C2:C11

In the following query, FROM is telling the database to filter out data from the Orders table. 
False

A data analyst wants to demonstrate how the population in Charlotte has increased over time. They create the chart below. What is this type of chart called?
Line chart

A data analyst creates the following visualization to clearly demonstrate how much more populous Charlotte is than the next-largest North Carolina city, Raleigh. It’s called a line chart.
False

In row 1 of the following spreadsheet, the words rank, name, population, and county are called what?
Attributes

In the following query, the asterisk (*) tells the database to select one specific piece of data from the table.
False

In the following query, FROM is telling the database to filter out data from the Orders table.
False

